# Further AD Modules

This folder contains additional ROS-packages for Roboy. The idea is that you can clone and build the [autonomous_driving_src](https://github.com/Roboy/autonomous_driving_src/) repository easily and are able to record data and run simulations on any machine. Packages contained here can also be cloned to your catkin workspace but might require significantly more effort to build.

# List of Modules

## Obstacle_Detector
[Obstacle Detector](https://github.com/tysik/obstacle_detector) is a ROS package for 2D obstacle detection based on laser range data.

This could be a possible extension for a more complex obstacle avoidance. At the current stage the local planner of the ROS navigation stack can subscribe to laserscan data to adapt the local plan to drive around obstacles.

## Intel Realsense Camera
[Intel(R) RealSense(TM) ROS Wrapper](https://github.com/intel-ros/realsense) for D400 series and SR300 Camera http://wiki.ros.org/RealSense

If you want to add a 3D camera to the setup. Could provide additional information source for more richer obstacle/object detection.

Follow *Usage Instructions* in provided link for first steps.

## Calibration
If you decide to use a camera and want to use it on top of the map generated by lidar slam there are 3 tools which help you to figure out the relative translation and rotation between a lidar and a camera by recording samples with a checkered calibration board. For a [step-by-step tutorial](https://github.com/Roboy/autonomous_driving/wiki/Extrinsic-calibration-between-camera-and-lidar) on how to calibrate the camera with the lidar please visit the Wiki of this repository. 

The calibration tools consist out of 3 modules:

### radlocc_calibration
A tool to record samples for calibration.

### RADOCCToolbox
A MATLAB toolbox to find out intrinsic parameters of the camera (which are needed for extrinsic calibration in the next step).

### RADLOCC
A MATLAB tool to get the extrinsic parameters between camera and lidar.



